- [Instructor] Let's look at how do you resolve themes
inside your Spring MVC application.
So the first step is you have to define two separate themes.
Let's just come back to IDE and understand one thing.
So under your resources folder, you have a static folder,
and inside that you have two folders, one for CSS
and the other is for images.
If you go out the style CSS, this is going to describe
the entire look and feel of your application.
So this is the one that's enabled by default,
because this is the only one.
Now what we have to do is you have to define
two separate styles, so what I'll do, I'll just copy
this file, and paste that on the same CSS folder,
because all the CSS static resources have to be picked up
from that file, and let me just name it stylesCSS.
And let's change few things here, so maybe I will change
the font size for the entire HTML element, let's make it
about 45.5, and let's also have
one em tag whose color we can change.
So that'll be 800000, all right.
So I haven't changed much, it's just a demo,
so we are just going to alter a few properties
here and there, and we have now two different styles
that are residing at my project.
What is next step?
Define respective property files for those themes.
So what we want to do is under the resources folder,
we're going to create two property files,
which will have an extension of .properties,
so I want to say, client_theme1.properties,
and I will say, client_theme2.properties,
so there are two separate property files
that I'm going to refer.
And why is that required?
Because each of them is going to define
a separate style.
That's what it is.
So what goes exactly under this?
Now since it is a properties file,
of course it will have data in the form of key and value.
And the key that we are going to specify
is the code through which this particular theme
will be picked up on your JSP pages.
So let's go ahead and define that key value pair,
so I'm going to say stylesheet is equal to,
and let's give a part of that CSS,
so that'll be /css/style.css.
This is for the first theme that we have.
The first theme is going to be represented
by the style.css file,
the code for that is stylesheet, and that's the bot.
And in the second one, we're going to specify
the same thing, but that'll be styles.css,
so I'm just going to copy this line,
go to client_theme2.properties, paste it there
and just change the name of the style file.
So that's the beauty of this, that the code
is going to remain same in both of the properties file,
the code is going to be used to pick up the style.css file,
and it is going to be resolved with the help
of these two property files.
So that's the step number two.
Next is we have to resolve the themes
using one of the ThemeResolver classes.
Now in our special bean types introduction
that we had in one of our previous videos,
we've already talked about the ThemeResolver bean type.
And we had said that this is specifically used
to resolve all the themes of your application.
Of course, that's a bean type, and there are many
implementations of that bean type in Spring MVC.
One of them is CookieThemeResolver.
So CookieThemeResolver is something that will help you
to store the value of the current theme
inside a cookie in your browser.
SessionThemeResolver, on the other hand,
is going to help you evaluate the theme value
from the HTTP session that the user is trying to establish
on the browser.
Of course, when the session gets terminated,
then that theme value is going to be destroyed.
And FixedThemeResolver, as the name suggests,
is going to work with a fixed theme,
so there's a property that it expects
called default theme name,
and once that is provided a value,
it'll just pick that up every single time.